# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 2.2.2023 12:00
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
The overall project idea/description was good and fitting for the course.

### Action points




## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:** 16.2.2023 15:30
* **ASSISTANTS:** Iv치n S치nchez Milara

### Minutes
Discussed the database design and the model implementations. Overall the design and models looked good, some things to fix listed below.

### Action points
- Fix diagram
- Provide a database
- Add more instructions for setup
- Add ONDELETE/ONUPDATE behaviour
- Add validation for review and gender as well as limitation to the date/year
- Check for an automatic option for average calculation


## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:** 9.3.2023 15:30
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
Discussed REST principles and our API implementation, i.e. resources, testing and authentication. Also checked the pylint results and line coverage.

### Action points
- PUT usage explanation to wiki (Uniform interface)
- Use encryption for storing keys and secrets module to compare strings in authentication
- More tests for better coverage
- Pylint fixes
- Should not use db id in the uri's


## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:** 20.4.2023
* **ASSISTANTS:** Iv치n S치nchez Milara

### Minutes
The hypermedia design and implementation as well as the documentation yml file.

### Action points
- Genres are currently isolated, they need to be connected
- Fix the issue in the .yml file
- Fix the wiki diagram
- Add more response examples and fix some of the useed response codes




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




